docs: Mention Dockerfile based container prominently (#3595)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

systemd-run -tM openqa1 /bin/bash # start a shell in the container
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

== Container based setup
[id="container_setup"]

> Containers are provided for both the webUI and worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers are provided for both the web UI and worker.
```

We mainly use that spelling so for the sake of consistency. Besides, if you would write it out ("user interface") you would add a space as well so in my opinion it only makes sense to add a space.

Author: you are right. Thanks for your attention to detail.

> For example the webUI container can be pulled and started using the `podman`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example the web UI container can be pulled and started using the `podman`
```

container engine:

[source,sh]
----
podman run --rm -it registry.opensuse.org/devel/openqa/containers15.2/openqa_webui:latest
----

> the worker container can be pulled and started with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worker container can be pulled and started with:
```

[source,sh]
----
podman run --rm -it registry.opensuse.org/devel/openqa/containers15.2/openqa_worker:latest
----

Some parameters are necessary to run them properly. See
https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/docker/README.md for more
details and how to configure and run these containers.

> Take a look on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at
```
